{"data":[{"id":4,"attributes":{"alias":"terms-and-conditions","pageTitle":"TERMS OF SERVICE","content":"Effective Date: 8 February 2023\n\n## OVERVIEW\n\nThis website is operated by Pop Mart Hong Kong limited, its affiliates, and its subsidiaries (collectively as the “Pop Mart”). Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Pop Mart. Pop Mart offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here. \n\nBy visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content. \n\nPlease read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, please do not access the website or use any services provided on the website. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service. \n\nAny new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website.We may modify these Terms of Service at any time. If we make any changes and post the new Terms of Service on the Platform, the new version will be effective immediately.  It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes. You can determine when the Terms of Service was last revised by referring to the “Effective Date” above.\n\nYou also agree to our Privacy Policy as published on our site. The Privacy Policy, together with these Terms of Service, and any other terms contained herein or incorporated herein by reference, are collectively referred to as the \" Terms of Service .\" The term \"using\" also includes any person or entity that accesses or uses the site with crawlers, robots, data mining, or extraction tools or any other functionality.\n\n\n\n## SECTION 1 - ONLINE STORE TERMS\n\nBy agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. \nYou may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction, or other jurisdictions applicable to this Terms of Service (including but not limited to copyright laws). \nYou must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature. \nA breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services. \n\n## SECTION 2 - GENERAL CONDITIONS\n\nWe reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time, only in case that such refusal doesn’t affect any applicable laws/regulations. We rely on appropriate mechanisms for data transfers. We make sure that appropriate safeguards are in place whenever we transfer your information. For example, we encrypt your information when it’s in transit over public networks to protect it from unauthorized access. \nYou agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express wrote permission by us. \nThe headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms. \nYou agree that after you register your account at the site of your country / region, the system will automatically register your account at each site for global information communication.\n\n## SECTION 3 - ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION\n\nWe are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk. \nThis site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site. \n\n## SECTION 4 - MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES\n\nPrices for our products are subject to change without notice. \nWe reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time,  in case that the action afore-mentioned doesn’t affect any applicable laws/regulations . \nWe shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service. \n\n## SECTION 5 - PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (if applicable)\n\nCertain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy. \nWe have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colours and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any colour will be accurate. \nWe reserve the right but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited. \nWe do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected. \n\n## SECTION 6 - ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION\n\nWe reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors. \n\nYou agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed. \n\nFor more detail, please review our Returns Policy. \n\n## SECTION 7 - OPTIONAL TOOLS\n\nWe may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input. \nYou acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools ”as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools. \nAny use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s). \nWe may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service. \n\n## SECTION 8 - THIRD-PARTY LINKS\n\nCertain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties. \nThird-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that might not be affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties. \nWe are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party. \n\nThe Site may include links to other websites maintained by third parties (i.e. Google Map). These links are provided to you solely as a convenience, and the inclusion of these links to third party websites does not imply any endorsement by us of the content or materials on these websites. \nYour access to these third party websites or service provider is at your own risk and we will have no liability arising out of or related to such websites or your access to or use of such websites.\n\n## SECTION 9 - USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS\n\nIf at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments. \nWe may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libellous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service. \nYou agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libellous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party. \n\n## SECTION 10 - PERSONAL INFORMATION\n\nYour submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy. To view our Privacy Policy, please refer to the link hereinafter https://www.popmart.com/hk/help/privacy-policy. \n\n## SECTION 11 - ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONS\n\nOccasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). \nWe undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated. \n\n## SECTION 12 - PROHIBITED USES\n\nIn addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses. \n\n## SECTION 13 - DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY\n\nWe do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. \nWe do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable. \nYou agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you. \nYou expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement. \nIn no case shall online.popmart, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law. \n\n## SECTION 14 - INDEMNIFICATION\n\nYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless online.popmart and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party. \n\n## SECTION 15 - SEVERABILITY\n\nIn the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions. \n\n## SECTION 16 - TERMINATION\n\nThe obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes. \nThese Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site. \nIf in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof). \n\n## SECTION 17 - ENTIRE AGREEMENT\n\nThe failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. \nThese Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). \nAny ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party. \n\n## SECTION 18 - GOVERNING LAW\n\nThese Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Hong Kong. \n\n## SECTION 19 - CHANGES TO TERMS OF SERVICE\n\nYou can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page. \nWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes. \n\n## SECTION 20 - CONTACT INFORMATION\n\nQuestions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at support@popmart.com.\n","country":"default,us,ca,jp,kr,sg,th,my,id,ph,sg,au,nz,hk,tw,mo,nl,es,it,gb,de,ie,cz,be,pt,pl,hu,fi,dk,hr,gr,si,se,lt,lv,ee,lu,sk,at,vn","createdAt":"2022-08-24T00:06:10.847Z","updatedAt":"2024-04-10T09:17:34.515Z","publishedAt":"2022-08-24T00:06:38.678Z","locale":"zh","localizations":{"data":[{"id":12,"attributes":{"alias":"terms-and-conditions","pageTitle":"CONDITIONS D'UTILISATION","content":"### Date d'entrée en vigueur : 8 février 2023\n\n### APERÇU\n\nCe site Web est exploité par Pop Mart Hong Kong Limited, ses affiliés et ses filiales (collectivement \"Pop Mart\"). Tout au long du site, les termes \"nous\", \"notre\" et \"nos\" font référence à Pop Mart. Pop Mart offre ce site Web, y compris toutes les informations, outils et services disponibles sur ce site, à vous, l'utilisateur, sous réserve de votre acceptation de toutes les modalités, conditions, politiques et avis énoncés ici.\n\nEn visitant notre site et / ou en achetant quelque chose chez nous, vous vous engagez dans notre \"Service\" et acceptez d'être lié par les termes et conditions suivants (\"Conditions de service\", \"Conditions\"), y compris ces termes et conditions et les politiques supplémentaires référencé ici et/ou disponible par hyperlien. Ces Conditions de service s'appliquent à tous les utilisateurs du site, y compris, sans limitations, les utilisateurs qui sont des navigateurs, des fournisseurs, des clients, des marchands et / ou des contributeurs de contenu.\n\nVeuillez lire attentivement ces Conditions de service avant d'accéder ou d'utiliser notre site Web. En accédant ou en utilisant une partie du site, vous acceptez d'être lié par ces termes et conditions. Si vous n'acceptez pas l'ensemble des termes et conditions de cet accord, veuillez ne pas accéder à ce site Web ou ne pas utiliser les services fournis sur le site Web. Si ces Conditions de service sont considérées comme une offre, l'acceptation est expressément limitée à ces Conditions de service.\n\nTout nouvel outils ou fonctions ajoutés au site actuel sont aussi sujets aux Conditions de service. Vous pouvez consulter la version la plus récente des Conditions de service à tout moment sur cette page. Nous nous réservons le droit de mettre à jour, de modifier ou de remplacer toute partie de ces Conditions de service en publiant des mises à jour et / ou des modifications sur notre site Web. Nous pouvons modifier ces Conditions de service à tout moment. Si nous apportons des modifications et publions la nouvelle version des Conditions de service sur la plateforme, la nouvelle version sera effective immédiatement. Il est de votre responsabilité de vérifier cette page périodiquement pour les changements. Votre utilisation continue ou votre accès au site Web après la publication de tout changement constitue une acceptation de ces changements. Vous pouvez déterminer quand ces Conditions de service a été révisée pour la dernière fois en vous référant à la \"Date d'entrée en vigueur\" ci-dessus.\n\nVous acceptez également notre politique de confidentialité telle que publiée sur notre site. La politique de confidentialité, ainsi que ces Conditions de service et tout autre terme contenu ici ou incorporé ici par référence, sont collectivement désignés sous le nom de \"Conditions de service\". Le terme \"utilisation\" comprend également toute personne ou entité qui accède ou utilise le site avec des robots d'exploration, des robots, des outils d'extraction de données ou toute autre fonctionnalité.\n\nSECTION 1 - CONDITIONS DE LA BOUTIQUE EN LIGNE\nEn acceptant ces Conditions de service, vous déclarez que vous avez au minimum l’âge de la majorité dans votre pays ou province de résidence, ou que vous avez l’âge de la majorité dans votre pays ou province de résidence et vous nous avez donné votre consentement pour permettre à l’une de vos personnes à charge mineures d’utilisent ce site. Vous ne pouvez pas utiliser nos produits à des fins illégales ou non autorisées, ni enfreindre les lois de votre juridiction ou de toute autre juridiction applicable à ces Conditions de service (y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, les lois sur le droit d'auteur). Vous ne devez pas transmettre de vers ou de virus, ni tout code de nature destructive. Un manquement ou une violation à l'une des Conditions  entraînera une résiliation immédiate de vos Services. \n\nSECTION 2 - CONDITIONS GÉNÉRALES\nNous nous réservons le droit de refuser le service à quiconque personne, pour quelque raison que ce soit, à tout moment, uniquement dans le cas où ce refus n'enfreint pas les lois/réglementations applicables. Nous nous appuyons sur des mécanismes appropriés pour le transfert des données. Nous nous assurons que des mesures de protection appropriées sont en place chaque fois que nous transférons vos informations. Par exemple, nous cryptons vos informations lorsqu'elles sont en transit sur des réseaux publics pour les protéger contre tout accès non autorisé. Vous acceptez de ne pas reproduire, dupliquer, copier, vendre, revendre ou exploiter une quelconque partie du Service, l'utilisation du Service ou l'accès au Service ou tout contact sur le site Web par lequel le service est fourni, sans notre autorisation expresse par écrit. Les titres utilisés dans la présente entente sont inclus à titre indicatif seulement et ne limiteront ni n'affecteront pas ces Conditions. Vous acceptez que, après avoir enregistré votre compte sur le site de votre pays/région, le système enregistrera automatiquement votre compte sur chaque site pour la communication d'informations globales. \n\nSECTION 3 - PRÉCISION, EXHAUSTIVITÉ ET ACTUALITÉ DE L’INFORMATION\nNous ne sommes pas responsables si les informations disponibles sur ce site ne sont pas précises, complètes ou à jour. Le contenu de ce site est fourni à titre d'information générale uniquement et ne doit pas être considéré ou utilisé comme la seule base pour prendre des decisions sans consulter des sources d'information primaires, plus précises, plus complètes ou plus récentes. Toute confiance dans le contenu de ce site est à vos propres risques. Ce site peut contenir certaines informations historiques. Les informations historiques, nécessairement, ne sont pas à jour et sont fournies à titre de référence uniquement. Nous nous réservons le droit de modifier le contenu de ce site à tout moment. Vous acceptez qu'il soit de votre responsabilité de surveiller les changements apportés à notre site.\n\nSECTION 4 - MODIFICATIONS DU SERVICE ET DES PRIX\nLes prix de nos produits sont sujets à modification sans préavis. Nous nous réservons le droit, à tout moment, de modifier ou d'interrompre le Service (ou toute partie ou contenu de celui-ci) sans préavis, à condition que ladite action ne contrevienne à aucune loi ou réglementation applicable. Nous ne serons pas responsables envers vous ou envers un tiers pour toute modification, changement de prix, suspension ou interruption du Service.\n\nSECTION 5 - PRODUITS OU SERVICES (le cas échéant)\nCertains produits ou services peuvent être disponibles exclusivement en ligne via le site Web. Ces produits ou services peuvent avoir des quantités limitées et ne sont soumis à des retours ou échanges qu'en conformité avec notre Politique de Retour. Nous avons fait tous les efforts possibles pour afficher avec précision les couleurs et les images de nos produits qui apparaissent dans le boutique. Nous ne pouvons pas garantir que l'affichage de couleur de votre moniteur d'ordinateur sera précis. Nous nous réservons le droit, mais nous ne sommes pas obligés, de limiter les ventes de nos produits ou services à toute personne, région géographique ou juridiction. Nous pouvons exercer ce droit au cas par cas. Nous nous réservons le droit de limiter les quantités de tout produit ou service que nous offrons. Toutes les descriptions de produits ou de prix de produits sont sujets à modification à tout moment sans préavis, à la seule discrétion de notre part. Nous nous réservons le droit de mettre fin à tout produit à tout moment. Toute offre de produit ou de service faite sur ce site est nulle là où la loi l'interdit. Nous ne garantissons pas que la qualité de tout produit, service, information ou autre matériel acheté ou obtenu par vous répondra à vos attentes, ou que toute erreur dans le Service sera corrigée.\n\nSECTION 6 - PRÉCISION DES INFORMATIONS DE FACTURATION ET DE COMPTE\nNous nous réservons le droit de refuser toute commande que vous passez chez nous. Nous pouvons, à notre seule discrétion, limiter ou annuler les quantités achetées par personne, par ménage ou par commande. Ces restrictions peuvent inclure les commandes passées par ou sous le même compte client, la même carte de crédit et/ou les commandes qui utilisent la même adresse de facturation et/ou de livraison. Dans le cas où nous apportons une modification ou annulons une commande, nous pouvons tenter de vous informer en vous contactant à l'adresse e-mail et/ou l'adresse de facturation/numéro de téléphone fourni au moment de la commande. Nous nous réservons le droit de limiter ou d'interdire les commandes qui, à notre seule appréciation, semblent avoir été passées par des concessionnaires, des revendeurs ou des distributeurs. \nVous acceptez de fournir des informations d'achat et de compte actuelles, complètes et précises pour toutes les achats effectués dans notre boutique en ligne. Vous acceptez de mettre rapidement à jour votre compte et autres informations, y compris votre adresse e-mail et les numéros de carte de crédit et les dates d'expiration, afin que nous puissions effectuer vos transactions et vous contacter si nécessaire. \nPour plus de détails, veuillez consulter notre politique de retour.\n\nSECTION 7 - OUTILS OPTIONNELS\nNous pouvons vous donner accès à des outils tiers sur lesquels nous ne surveillons, ni n’avons aucun contrôle ni aucune contribution. Vous reconnaissez et acceptez que nous fournissions l'accès à ces outils \"tels quels\" et \"disponibles\" sans aucune garantie, représentation ou condition d'aucune sorte et sans aucune approbation. Nous n'assumons aucune responsabilité pour votre utilisation d’outils tiers facultatifs. L'utilisation de ces outils optionnels proposés par le site est entièrement à vos risques et périls, et vous devez vous assurer que vous êtes familier avec et approuvez les termes sous lesquels les outils sont fournis par les fournisseurs tiers pertinents. Nous pourrions également, à l'avenir, proposer de nouveaux services et/ou fonctionnalités via le site Web (y compris la sortie de nouveaux outils et ressources). De tels fonctionnalités et/ou nouveaux services seront également soumis à ces Conditions de service.\n\nSECTION 8 - LIENS DE TIERS\nCertains contenus, produits et services disponibles via notre Service peuvent inclure des matériaux de tiers. Les liens de tiers sur ce site peuvent vous diriger vers des sites Web de tiers qui ne sont pas affiliés à nous. Nous ne sommes pas responsables de l'examen ou de l'évaluation du contenu ou de l'exactitude, et nous ne garantissons ni n'assumons aucune responsabilité ou obligation pour les matériaux ou sites Web de tiers, ni pour tout autre matériel, produit ou service de tiers. Nous ne sommes pas responsables des dommages ou des préjudices liés à l'achat ou à l'utilisation de biens, de services, de ressources, de contenu ou de toute autre transaction effectuée en relation avec des sites Web de tiers. Veuillez examiner attentivement les politiques et les pratiques des tiers et assurez-vous de les comprendre avant de vous engager dans toute transaction. Les plaintes, les réclamations, les préoccupations ou les questions concernant les produits tiers doivent être adressées au tiers.\n\nSECTION 9 - COMMENTAIRES, RETROACTION ET AUTRES SOUMISSIONS D'UTILISATEURS\nSi, à notre demande, vous envoyez certaines soumissions spécifiques (par exemple, des participations à des concours) ou, sans demande de notre part, vous envoyez des idées créatives, des suggestions, des propositions, des plans ou d'autres matériaux, que ce soit en ligne, par e-mail, par courrier postal ou autrement (collectivement, les « commentaires »), vous acceptez que nous puissions, à tout moment et sans restriction, éditer, copier, publier, distribuer, traduire et utiliser de toute autre manière dans n'importe quel support, tous les commentaires que vous nous envoyez. Nous ne sommes pas obligés (1) de maintenir la confidentialité de tout commentaire ; (2) de payer une indemnisation pour tout commentaire ; ou (3) de répondre à tout commentaire. Nous pouvons, mais n'avons aucune obligation de surveiller, modifier ou supprimer tout contenu que nous estimons, à notre seule discrétion, être illégal, offensant, menaçant, diffamatoire, pornographique, obscène ou autrement répréhensible, ou qui viole les droits de propriété intellectuelle d'une partie ou ces conditions d'utilisation. Vous acceptez que vos commentaires ne violent aucun droit d'un tiers, y compris les droits d'auteur, les marques de commerce, la vie privée, la personnalité ou tout autre droit personnel ou de propriété. Vous acceptez également que vos commentaires ne contiennent aucun contenu diffamatoire ou illégal, abusif ou obscène, ni aucun virus informatique ou autre logiciel malveillant qui pourrait affecter le fonctionnement du service ou de tout site web connexe. Vous ne pouvez pas utiliser une fausse adresse e-mail, vous faire passer pour une autre personne ou tromper de quelque autre manière que ce soit notre société ou des tiers quant à l'origine de tout commentaire. Vous êtes seul responsable de tous les commentaires que vous faites et de leur exactitude. Nous n'assumons aucune responsabilité et n'encourons aucune responsabilité pour les commentaires postés par vous ou par un tiers.\n\nSECTION 10 - INFORMATIONS PERSONNELLES\nVotre soumission d'informations personnelles à travers la boutique est réglementée par notre Politique de confidentialité. Pour consulter notre Politique de confidentialité, veuillez vous référer au lien ci-après : https://www.popmart.com/hk/help/privacy-policy.\n\nSECTION 11 - ERREURS, IMPRÉCISIONS ET OMISSIONS\nIl peut arriver que des informations sur notre site ou dans le Service contiennent des erreurs typographiques, des inexactitudes ou des omissions qui peuvent se rapporter à la description des produits, aux prix, aux promotions, aux offres, aux frais d'expédition des produits, aux délais de transit et à la disponibilité. Nous nous réservons le droit de corriger toutes erreurs, inexactitudes ou omissions, de changer ou de mettre à jour les informations ou d'annuler des commandes si une information du Service ou de tout site Web connexe est inexacte à tout moment et sans préavis (y compris après que vous avez soumis votre commande). Nous ne nous engageons pas à mettre à jour, modifier ou clarifier les informations dans le Service ou sur tout site Web connexe, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, les informations sur les prix, sauf si la loi l'exige. Aucune date de mise à jour ou de rafraîchissement spécifiée appliquée dans le Service ou sur tout site Web connexe ne doit être interprétée comme indiquant que toutes les informations dans le Service ou sur tout site Web connexe ont été modifiées ou mises à jour.\n\nSECTION 12 - UTILISATIONS INTERDITES\nEn plus des autres interdictions énoncées dans les Conditions d'utilisation, il vous est interdit d'utiliser le site ou son contenu : (a) à des fins illégales; (b) pour solliciter d'autres personnes à accomplir ou à participer à des actes illégaux; (c) pour violer les règlements, règles, lois ou ordonnances locales, internationales, fédérales, provinciales ou étatiques; (d) pour enfreindre ou violer nos droits de propriété intellectuelle ou les droits de propriété intellectuelle d'autrui; (e) pour harceler, maltraiter, insulter, nuire, diffamer, calomnier, dénigrer, intimider ou discriminer en fonction du sexe, de l'orientation sexuelle, de la religion, de l'ethnicité, de la race, de l'âge, de l'origine nationale ou de l'incapacité; (f) pour soumettre des informations fausses ou trompeuses; (g) pour télécharger ou transmettre des virus ou tout autre type de code malveillant qui pourrait être utilisé de manière à affecter la fonctionnalité ou le fonctionnement du Service ou de tout site web connexe, d'autres sites web ou d'Internet ; (h) pour collecter ou suivre les informations personnelles d'autrui; (i) pour spammer, phishing, pharm, prétexte, spider, crawl ou scrape; (j) à des fins obscènes ou immorales; ou (k) pour interférer ou contourner les fonctions de sécurité du Service ou de tout site web connexe, d'autres sites web ou d'Internet. Nous nous réservons le droit de résilier votre utilisation du Service ou de tout site web connexe pour violation de l'une des utilisations interdites.\n\nSECTION 13 - EXCLUSION DE GARANTIES ; LIMITATION DE RESPONSABILITÉ\nNous ne garantissons, ne représentons ni ne garantissons que votre utilisation de notre service sera ininterrompue, rapide, sécurisée ou exempte d'erreurs. Nous ne garantissons pas que les résultats pouvant être obtenus par l'utilisation du service seront exacts ou fiables. Vous convenez que de temps à autre, nous pouvons retirer le service pour des périodes indéfinies ou annuler le service à tout moment, sans préavis. Vous convenez expressément que votre utilisation ou incapacité à utiliser le service est à vos risques et périls. Le service et tous les produits et services qui vous sont livrés par le biais du service sont (sauf indication contraire de notre part) fournis \"tels quels\" et \"disponibles\" pour votre utilisation, sans aucune représentation, garantie ou condition d'aucune sorte, qu'elle soit expresse ou implicite, y compris toutes les garanties ou conditions implicites de qualité marchande, qualité marchande, aptitude à un usage particulier, durabilité, titre et non-contrefaçon. En aucun cas, online.popmart, nos directeurs, officiers, employés, affiliés, agents, contractuels, stagiaires, fournisseurs, prestataires de services ou concédants de licence ne pourront être tenus responsables de tout dommage, perte, réclamation ou de tout dommage direct, indirect, accessoire, punitif, spécial ou consécutif de quelque nature que ce soit, y compris, sans limitation, les pertes de profits, les pertes de revenus, les économies perdues, la perte de données, les coûts de remplacement ou tout dommage similaire, qu'il soit contractuel, délictuel (y compris la négligence), de responsabilité stricte ou autre, découlant de votre utilisation de l'un des services ou de tout produit obtenu en utilisant le service, ou pour toute autre réclamation liée de quelque manière que ce soit à votre utilisation du service ou de tout produit, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, toute erreur ou omission dans tout contenu, ou toute perte ou dommage de quelque nature que ce soit encourue en raison de l'utilisation du service ou de tout contenu (ou produit) posté, transmis ou mis à disposition via le service, même si vous avez été informé de leur possibilité. Étant donné que certains États ou certaines juridictions n'autorisent pas l'exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilité pour les dommages indirects ou accessoires, dans de tels États ou juridictions, notre responsabilité sera limitée dans la mesure maximale autorisée par la loi.\n\nSECTION 14 - INDEMNISATION\nVous acceptez d'indemniser, de défendre et de tenir en échec en toute sécurité online.popmart et notre maison mère, filiales, affiliées, partenaires, dirigeants, administrateurs, agents, entrepreneurs, concédants, fournisseurs de services, sous-traitants, fournisseurs, stagiaires et employés, indemnes de toute réclamation ou demande, y compris des honoraires raisonnables d'avocats, faite par un tiers en raison de votre violation de ces Conditions de Service ou des documents qu'elles incorporent par référence, ou de votre violation de toute loi ou des droits d'un tiers.\n\nSECTION 15 - DIVISIBILITÉ\nDans l'éventualité où l'une des dispositions de ces Conditions de Service serait jugée illégale, nulle ou inapplicable, ladite disposition sera néanmoins exécutoire dans la mesure la plus large permise par la loi applicable, et la partie inapplicable sera considérée comme étant dissociée de ces Conditions de Service. Cette détermination n'affectera pas la validité et la force exécutoire de toutes les autres dispositions restantes.\n\nSECTION 16 - RÉSILIATION\nLes obligations et responsabilités des parties contractées avant la date de résiliation subsisteront après la résiliation de cet accord pour toutes les fins. Ces Conditions de Service sont en vigueur jusqu'à ce qu'elles soient résiliées par vous ou par nous. Vous pouvez résilier ces Conditions de Service à tout moment en nous informant que vous ne souhaitez plus utiliser nos Services ou lorsque vous cessez d'utiliser notre site. Si, à notre seule discrétion, vous ne respectez pas ou si nous soupçonnons que vous ne respectez pas l’une des conditions ou l’une des dispositions des présent Conditions de Service, nous pouvons également résilier cet accord à tout moment sans préavis et vous resterez responsable de tous les montants dus jusqu'à la date de résiliation incluse; et/ou nous pouvons en conséquence vous refuser l'accès à nos services (ou à toute partie de ceux-ci).\n\nSECTION 17 - INTÉGRALITÉ DE L'ACCORD\nLe fait que nous n'exercions pas ou ne fassions pas respecter un droit ou une disposition de ces  Conditions de Service ne constituera pas une renonciation à ce droit ou à cette disposition. Ces  Conditions de Service et toute politique ou règle de fonctionnement publiée par nous sur ce site ou en rapport avec le Service constituent l'accord et la compréhension entiers entre vous et nous et régissent votre utilisation du Service, remplaçant tout accord antérieur ou contemporain, toute communication et proposition, qu'ils soient verbaux ou écrits, entre vous et nous (y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, toutes les versions précédentes des Conditions de Service). Toute ambiguïté dans l'interprétation de ces Conditions de Service ne sera pas interprétée contre la partie qui les a rédigées.\n\nSECTION 18 - DROIT APPLICABLE\nCes Conditions de Service et tout accord distinct par lequel nous vous fournissons des services seront régis et interprétés conformément aux lois de Hong Kong.\n\nSECTION 19 - MODIFICATIONS DES CONDITIONS D'UTILISATION\nVous pouvez consulter la version la plus récente des Conditions de Service à tout moment sur cette page. Nous nous réservons le droit, à notre seule discrétion, de mettre à jour, de modifier ou de remplacer toute partie de ces Conditions de Service en publiant des mises à jour et des changements sur notre site Web. Il est de votre responsabilité de vérifier notre site Web périodiquement pour les changements. Votre utilisation continue ou accès continu à notre site Web ou du Service après la publication de toute modification de ces Conditions d'utilisation constitue l'acceptation de ces changements.\n\nSECTION 20 - COORDONNÉES\nLes questions concernant les Conditions de Service doivent nous être envoyées à support@popmart.com.\n","country":"default,us,ca,jp,kr,sg,th,my,id,ph,sg,au,nz,hk,tw,mo,nl,es,it,gb,de,ie,cz,be,pt,pl,hu,fi,dk,hr,gr,si,se,lt,lv,ee,lu,sk,at,fr,br","createdAt":"2023-05-11T08:24:04.473Z","updatedAt":"2024-04-02T12:22:39.021Z","publishedAt":"2023-05-11T08:24:07.047Z","locale":"fr"}}]}}}],"meta":{"pagination":{"page":1,"pageSize":1,"pageCount":1,"total":1}}}